Add link to the Execution API Inspector page. (#13589)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/index.md

## Execution client spec {#spec}

> [Read the full JSON-RPC API spec on GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis). This API is documented on the [Execution API webpage](https://ethereum.github.io/execution-apis/api-documentation/) with Inspector to try out all the available methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read the full JSON-RPC API spec on GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis). This API is documented on the [Execution API webpage](https://ethereum.github.io/execution-apis/api-documentation/) and includes an Inspector to try out all the available methods.
```

Just small copy suggestion
